 Visit the Perl OpenGL (POGL) Developer's Site for more information:
 http://graphcomp.com/opengl

 To install the OpenGL module, please follow these instructions:

 1. Update your development environment with the latest OpenGL header
    and lib files.  If you are using a GPU, get the latest drivers
    from your vendor.

    Install GLUT (or compatible) - you can find GLUT at
    http://www.opengl.org/resources/libraries/glut.

    The 'include' folder provided with this module contains headers
    that this module has been tested with.

    This module looks for libGL.so, libGLU.so and libglut.so
    (opengl32.dll, glu32.dll and glut32.dll on Windows) in the normal
    places for your OS installation; you may need to symlink libraries
    from various vendors to the proper place/names.  Makefile.PL
    will attempt to find some of these common alternative libs.
 
 2. Run 'perl Makefile.PL'

    If you have GLUT installed, Makefile.PL will attempt to build and
    run a glversion utility to determine what version and extensions
    your OpenGL installation supports, and will create an gl_exclude.h
    header file to exclude APIs your libraries do not support.  You
    may manually edit this file to override excluded extensions.

    Note: glversion assumes libGL.so and libglut.so
    (opengl32.dll and glut32.dll on Windows) - and that it will
    be run via a GUI window (eg. X11 on Unix).

 3. Run 'make' ('nmake' on Windows) to build OpenGL.pm.
 
 4. Run 'make test' ('nmake test' on Windows) to test your
    installation.  You must have GLUT installed in order to run
    this test.  You should see a spinning cube with textured surfaces.
    Press 'q' to quit/complete the test (the test window must have focus).

    Note: Automated builds will normally fail this test, as it requires
    the ability to open a GL context (window) and provide user input.
 
 5. If all is well, run 'sudo make install' ('nmake install on Windows')
    to intall the OpenGL module onto your system.



If you get an error about __eprintf missing, add

   -L/opt/gnu/lib/gcc-lib/sparc-sun-solaris2.7/2.96/ -lgcc

to the @LIBS initializer in Makefile.PL (change the directory for the
appropriate one for your system).
